New Data Source: `azurerm_private_dns_resolver_forwarding_rule` (#19947)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/private_dns_resolver_forwarding_rule.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Private DNS Resolver"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_private_dns_resolver_forwarding_rule"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_private_dns_resolver_forwarding_rule

Gets information about an existing Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_private_dns_resolver_forwarding_rule" "example" {
  name                      = "example-rule"
  dns_forwarding_ruleset_id = "example-forwarding-rulset-id"
}
```

## Arguments Reference

> The following arguments are required:

Reviewer: To maintain consistency with other docs, this should be 
```suggestion
The following arguments are supported:
```

Author: done

> * `name` - Name of the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Name of the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.
```

Author: done

> * `dns_forwarding_ruleset_id` - ID of the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Ruleset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dns_forwarding_ruleset_id` - (Required) ID of the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Ruleset.
```

Author: done

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

> * `id` - ID of the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.
```

Author: done

> * `domain_name` - Domain name for the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `domain_name` - The domain name for the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.
```

Author: done

> * `target_dns_servers` - Target DNS servers. Each `target_dns_servers` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `target_dns_servers` - A list of `target_dns_servers` block as defined below.
```

Author: done

> * `enabled` - State of the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enabled` - Is the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule enabled?
```

Author: done

> * `metadata` - Metadata attached to the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `metadata` - The metadata attached to the Private DNS Resolver Forwarding Rule.
```

Author: done

---

A `target_dns_servers` block exports the following:

> * `ip_address` - DNS server IP address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ip_address` - The DNS server IP address.
```

Author: done

> * `port` - DNS server port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `port` - The DNS server port.
```

Author: done
